README.md, before:

# dotnet-core-postgresql-react-redux-boilerplate

The aim of this project is to make setting up a new .NET Core MVC project using React as the view layer as painless as possible.

## Requirements
* [Dotnet Core](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core)
* [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/ubuntu/)
* [NodeJS & NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

## Technologies included:
* .NET Core
* Entity Framework Core
* PostgreSQL
* NUnit Test Framework
* React
* React-Router
* Redux
* SASS

## Usage
To get all dependencies in the project built...
~~~~
git clone
./startup.sh
~~~~
You still have to do some leg work getting the database set up, but I've detailed how to do that in the first documentation link.  

## Documentation
Here you'll find posts I've made that walk through how this project has arrived at its current state.  

* [Setting up the server and database](https://medium.com/@mikezrimsek/setting-up-a-net-core-server-with-entity-framework-core-using-a-postgresql-database-242438f7d9c3)
* [Improving project design with layering](https://medium.com/@mikezrimsek/using-layering-to-improve-your-projects-underlying-design-b3c596f8f349)
* Adding NUnit tests (coming soon...)
* [React-Redux - borrowed heavily from davezuko](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit)

Forked from [mzrimsek/dotnet-core-postgresql-boilerplate](https://github.com/mzrimsek/dotnet-core-postgresql-boilerplate)

Commit message:

add disclaimer about old .net core version

README.md, after:

# dotnet-core-postgresql-react-redux-boilerplate

The aim of this project is to make setting up a new .NET Core MVC project using React as the view layer as painless as possible.

Please note this project has not been updated for the newest versions of .NET Core. The basic idea of the repo might still apply, but upgrading to the latest version may break this project.

## Requirements
* [Dotnet Core](https://www.microsoft.com/net/core)
* [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/linux/ubuntu/)
* [NodeJS & NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/)

## Technologies included:
* .NET Core
* Entity Framework Core
* PostgreSQL
* NUnit Test Framework
* React
* React-Router
* Redux
* SASS

## Usage
To get all dependencies in the project built...
~~~~
git clone
./startup.sh
~~~~
You still have to do some leg work getting the database set up, but I've detailed how to do that in the first documentation link.  

## Documentation
Here you'll find posts I've made that walk through how this project has arrived at its current state.  

* [Setting up the server and database](https://medium.com/@mikezrimsek/setting-up-a-net-core-server-with-entity-framework-core-using-a-postgresql-database-242438f7d9c3)
* [Improving project design with layering](https://medium.com/@mikezrimsek/using-layering-to-improve-your-projects-underlying-design-b3c596f8f349)
* Adding NUnit tests (coming soon...)
* [React-Redux - borrowed heavily from davezuko](https://github.com/davezuko/react-redux-starter-kit)

Forked from [mzrimsek/dotnet-core-postgresql-boilerplate](https://github.com/mzrimsek/dotnet-core-postgresql-boilerplate)
